# PHN Exchange - Version Log
## **Release Process**
<p>
    Each version of PHN Exchange will go through a three-step release process:
    - The new version of PHN Exchange will be made available for each PHN.
      PHNs will be able to test the new release internally.
      Any issues or concerns can be raised through !!!phnexchangesupport@murrayphn.org.au!!!
    - Testing will close after five business days.
      After testing has closed, the new version will be prepared for final release.
    - PHN Exchange will be updated in the live environment.
</p>

## **Version 4**

**Status:** Planning

**Release Date:** N/A

**Features:**

- **PHN specific practice resources**

<p>
    The ability for PHN's to define resources to show their own practices, accessed from the GP Hub.
</p>

- **Practice Categorization**

<p>
    The ability for PHN's to define practices in specific categories, for example "Rural and Remote".
</p>

- **PDF Report generation on LGAs and Priority Areas**

<p>
    Autogenerated PDF reports that identify specific indicators defined by a PHN.
</p>

- **Ongoing license agreement types**

<p>
    The ability to have ongoing or perpetual practice license agreements.
</p>

- **PHN Data Report**

<p>
    Graphs for a PHN to review of averaged indicators of practices and the ability to contrast averaged results between practice categories.
</p>

- **Data Report Printing**

<p>
    The ability to print graph reports.
</p>

## **Version 3**

**Status:** In Development

**Available in Test Environment:** Monday the 2nd of December

**Close of Testing:** Friday the 6th of December

**Expected Publish Date:** Tuesday the 11th of December

**Features:**

- **GP Hub**

<p>
    A centralized dashboard of all the features a practice will need to access.
</p>

- **Priority Area**

<p>
    Priority Area links to ABS Statistics for each LGA.
</p>

- **Practice specific licenses**

<p>
    Licenses created by PHN's can now be assigned to only be seen and accepted by specific practices.
</p>

- **GP Data Report**
<p>
    Option for practices to sign required license agreements to access GP Data Report.
    Licenses created by PHN's can be toggled to block the GP Data Report until they have been accepted.
    Time series graphs display as percentages, solid colour represents the PHN percentage while the line represents the Practice percentage.
    Graphs have been reordered showing time series graphs at the top of the GP Data Report while instant time graphs have moved to the bottom.
</p>
    
- **Option for practices to sign required license agreements to access GP Data Report**

<p>
    Licenses created by PHN's can be toggled to block the GP Data Report until they have been accepted.
</p>

- **Practice required to review their details every 3 months**

<p>
    Practices that login and view the GP Hub are now redirected automatically to update their practice details if the practice has not reviewed them within 3 months.
</p>

- **Interface cleanup and organization**

<p>
    Previously users had to click the row on lists to open them, on all tables there will now be an "Edit" or "Continue" button on the far right of each row.
    This change facilitates accessibility requirements and allows for copying of information from rows without being interrupted.
</p>

- **Help Center**

<p>
    The Help Center is a website repository of information about the PHN Exchange and PHN in a Box.
    The Help Center is available through the navigation bar on PHN Exchange.
</p>

- **Security Upgrades**

<p>
    Several internal upgrades to the backend of PHN Exchange to support security.
</p>
